Dragons have been highly praised and trusted from many races of the world. They have
integrated thenselves to every society and culture. The dragons provided
services such as being the taxi drivers of this magical world. They would
even be the transporter of goods, resource gatherer. They can sometimes be part of the police
force. Even Though those 2 are probally the biggest services that all the races known
them for, most dragons just have average jobs like being a farmer, or a
merchant. Other than the services the provide to the world, they provide
friendship, and compansionship to diffrent people of all races of the world.
There are those who even call one of the dragons their best friends, and even
establish a relationship between those them.

How, did it came to this you may ask.
A melleliums ago. Dragons does not have the highest reuptuation it had. Dragons
were the most terryfing beings of the world. They would bully the other 'weaker'
races. They would try to enslave them, eat them, or kill them. In this
perticullar year there were insanlly lots of dragons. It was causing a world
devastation. They were stealing food, and killing lowly races for food. But the
resourdes were depleted. This was hasten to their demise as the other races of
the world were hiding from them and their just a few amounts of them left.
The dragons began eating other dragons to survive and it cause chaos of the
dragonkind. A civil war came between them and many dragons who died in that war
and it almost cause an extiction.
After the war, it was safe for the other race to not hide from them no more.
There wasn;t that much dragons and even if there was one they could fight back.

The dragon race was near extiction. Only 1 known group of dragons lived.
Galdanor the current representive of the dragons in the present was one of them.
They swear an oath to not allow this war to never happen again to not fight with
their kind and the other races. 

Their goals were:
  to limit the amounts of dragons that are reproduce to the world
  to gain the trust of as much of the races of this world and continue
  gaining their trust for as long as they liveA  to build their dragon culture anew to these goals

The Dragon Culture is that there a few selected Dragons who will breed
only about 100 dragons are reproduced each century. (Dragons live for a really long
time).

They younglings were thought to respect other peoples culture and
encourage to explore them. They were encourage to pursue companionship and
romatic intrest. This contiued over the melliuma and it got them to the state 
they are in now.

This is the age cycle
0-10     Hatchling
10-20    Youngling
20-99    Wyrmling
100-999  Dragon (They start to grow wings at age 100)
1000-Beyond Great Dragon

Their motto is
"Always contiuning growing up, physically and mentally"
